Over the last half decade, few stocks have been more beloved by investors and Wall Street analysts than Facebook. No wonder: After a rocky initial public offering in 2012, it has rolled over one obstacle after another, including the shift to mobile computing and the rise of photo sharing. It delivered revenue and user growth that surpassed even the most optimistic projections.By the end of last year, Facebook had 2.2 billion active users. Its stock rose 53 percent last year, single-handedly accounting for 3.7 percent of the 21.8 percent gain in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, according to S.&P. Dow Jones Indices. By early February, its market capitalization had surpassed $560 billion, making it the fifth most valuable company in the index.By then Facebook alone accounted for nearly 2 percent of the S.&P. 500 index, which means that anyone who owns a broad-based stock mutual fund or index fund probably owns Facebook shares. Sophisticated investors and institutions, too, have considerable exposure: Goldman Sachs analysts reported last month that Facebook was the second most widely held stock (after Amazon) by hedge funds.Over 90 percent of Wall Street analysts covering the company deemed Facebook a “buy” in early February, even though, at $195 a share, its price-to-earnings ratio, a common valuation measure, was a lofty 35. (The average ratio now is about 24; historically, it has been about 15.)It was, as Wall Street pundits like to say, “priced for perfection.”Whatever else can be said about Facebook’s recent tribulations, this much is certain: Its situation is far from perfection.After revelations that data harvested from Facebook may have been used to try to influence Britain’s vote to leave the European Union and the United States presidential election, the social network giant faces multiple investigations in both Europe and the United States, along with potentially profit-crimping regulations and limits to its use of data. And investor retribution has been swift.Since hitting its peak on Feb. 2, Facebook has lost an astonishing $100 billion in market capitalization. Its stock was trading midweek at close to $153 a share, a decline of nearly 22 percent. (It rebounded by about 4.5 percent Thursday and closed at $159.79.)With Facebook’s plunge, investor concerns have spread to other social media and internet stocks with lofty multiples, like the so-called FANG stocks — Facebook, Apple and Amazon, Netflix and Google — and Twitter. They accounted for more than 10 percent of the S.&P. 500 at their peak.“People who own an index fund need to realize how important Facebook is, and how big a role it and the FANG stocks played in the market’s rise,” said Howard Silverblatt, senior industry analyst for the S.&P. Dow Jones Indices, who oversees statistical analysis for the S.&P. 500. “The FANG leadership is faltering. Social media hasn’t faced much regulation, and now there’s a cloud hanging over those companies.”In the midst of past Facebook euphoria, few saw this coming. One that did was Aiera, a robot that uses artificial intelligence to make stock recommendations. Aiera, an acronym for artificially intelligent equity research analyst, put out a “sell” recommendation for Facebook last fall.So did Brian Wieser, a senior analyst at Pivotal Research Group  who covers media and internet companies. Although he was positive about the stock for most of its long climb, he downgraded Facebook to “sell” last summer based on regulatory and advertiser concerns and what he now considers “systemic management issues.”Not only was it a lonely position, but “the stock went up and up,” Mr. Wieser told me this week. “But I thought the market was wrong, full stop.”“I didn’t know what the catalyst would be, but at some point revenue growth had to slow and the margins go down,” he said. “There are practical limits. And I felt investors were looking at Facebook in much too positive a light. They just ignored all the bad things, and there were a lot of them.”Then, when the news broke this month that a British firm, Cambridge Analytica, had used Facebook data for voter profiling, Mr. Wieser said, he thought it was “the most significant thing that had happened to Facebook since it became a public company.”“Most people hadn’t given much thought to how their data is used,” he added. “But this really exposed the potential abuse. This is digital advertising’s original sin, and there’s going to be a reckoning that even now I don’t think most investors fully appreciate.”The other Facebook skeptic, Aiera, can talk, but Wells Fargo — whose global internet analyst, Ken Sena, developed the robot along with Bryan Healey — wasn’t making its wunderkind available for interviews. But based on Aiera’s published comments, it issued its sell recommendation after analyzing the frequency of negative mentions in the media of Russia’s use of Facebook to influence the presidential election, as well as fundamental valuation and technical factors. (Aiera uses artificial intelligence to read and analyze a half-million pieces of data per day gleaned from the internet. It currently analyzes more than 1,600 stocks.)Wells Fargo has stressed that Aiera remains in experimental mode, but one potential advantage is that it removes all human emotion from its analysis. Thus, Aiera was indifferent to the fact that nearly every other analyst had a buy recommendation on Facebook.That included her putative master, Mr. Sena, who was thrust into the somewhat awkward position of explaining his own buy recommendation even as Aiera said sell.When I spoke to him this week, Mr. Sena stressed that Aiera was a tool that could detect patterns and eliminate bias. “Aiera said election interference was a big deal, and it turned out it was a big deal,” Mr. Sena said. “But it’s not meant to supplant human judgments.”He hasn’t changed his buy recommendation even though he agrees with Mr. Wieser that investors need to take threats of regulation seriously. “The conventional wisdom was that people don’t care that much about how their data is used,” Mr. Sena said. “They like the convenience of targeted advertising. But the level of public outcry over this is new.’’“Facebook is going to have to do a lot of explaining,’’ he added. “I believe they have the capability and the technology to make the platform secure. But it’s going to distract from other initiatives investors are counting on for growth, like virtual reality and video content.”Even so, Facebook’s decline has been so steep that even Mr. Wieser and Aiera may reassess their recommendations if they calculate that the stock has bottomed out.When he last reiterated his sell recommendation, Mr. Wieser’s price target was $152. “I don’t want to be trigger happy on this,” he said. “It’s not clear yet what happens next. I want to fine-tune my thoughts before I revisit this.”Aiera canceled her sell recommendation after the stock plunged. She hasn’t yet made a new recommendation. Of 45 analysts who cover Facebook, 41 currently have a “buy” or “overweight” recommendation, up from 39 a month ago.Mr. Sena is even more bullish on Facebook than he was before, and hasn’t changed his price target of $230. “People are still glued to Facebook and Instagram,” he said.Its price-to-earnings ratio is now just 28, barely above the market average, which makes it “the cheapest stock in our coverage area, and it has some of the best growth prospects,” he said. “There’s no way mathematically to justify a loss of more than $70 billion in market cap.”AUSTIN, Texas —  Austin's police chief said Thursday that a "domestic terrorist" set off a series of explosions that killed two people and severely wounded four others in Texas' capital, offering a stronger characterization of the suspected bomber after drawing criticism for being unwilling to do so previously.Brian Manley in recent weeks had hesitated to label the bombings terrorism, citing an investigation that still isn't complete. But at a meeting Thursday on police and community response to the bombings, Manley answered audience questions with other panelists and said, "I actually agree now that he was a domestic terrorist for what he did to us.'"The admission didn't go far enough for some present, who continued to ask questions about racism in Austin.Investigators say that Mark Conditt used one his own devices to blow himself up as authorities approached his SUV before dawn on March 21. Authorities say he terrorized the city for weeks, planting three bombs on doorsteps that killed a man and a teenager and seriously injuring two others.Later, an explosive with a tripwire injured two more men and a package bomb exploded at a FedEx processing center south of Austin. Authorities eventually used surveillance video of Conditt dropping packages off at FedEx to help track him down.Police originally called the first explosion, which occurred March 2, an isolated incident. When bombs kept exploding, Manley speculated that they could be motivated by racial hatred because the bomber's first four victims were all black or Hispanic. But Manley began to downplay that theory after the tripwire injured two white victims. Also, authorities eventually learned that one of Conditt's roommates is black.Conditt left behind a cellphone recording in which he called himself a "psychopath" who felt no remorse, but otherwise offered few clues about his motivations for the bombings. Police haven't released that recording.Citing it last week, Manley called Conditt a "very troubled young man," drawing criticism that the bomber would have been labeled a terrorist more quickly if he had not been white.A police officer who fatally shot a black man in Baton Rouge, La., nearly two years ago was fired on Friday, and a fellow officer involved in the episode was suspended for three days. The disciplinary actions were the first serious consequences for the officers after both state and federal officials declined to bring criminal charges against them.Blane Salamoni, the officer who was dismissed, fired six shots at the man, Alton B. Sterling, after responding to a call at a convenience store parking lot on July 5, 2016.After announcing the disciplinary actions, the department released new raw footage of Mr. Sterling’s arrest and his killing moments later. Video taken from a police body camera shows Officer Salamoni repeatedly shouting profanities at Mr. Sterling; slamming him into a car; twice ordering the second officer, Howie Lake II, to use his Taser; and threatening to shoot Mr. Sterling with a gun pointed at his head.“These actions were not minor deviations from policy,” Chief Murphy Paul of the Baton Rouge Police Department said. “And they contributed to the outcome that resulted in the death of another human being.”The decision came after the Louisiana attorney general, Jeff Landry, said on Tuesday that the officers would not be charged with state-level crimes, and after the Justice Department declined last May to seek federal civil rights charges. The shooting is one of numerous high-profile fatal encounters between black men and the police in recent years, and prompted large protests in Baton Rouge and beyond.Chief Paul said that Officer Salamoni had violated the department’s use-of-force rules and that Officer Lake had violated its policies on sustaining “command of temper.”The chief spoke mostly in generalities about why the men were found to have violated the policies. “One officer attempted to use de-escalation and disengagement techniques consistent with policy and procedure and training,” he said. “And one officer did not follow the tactics, training, professionalism and organizational standards.”He also said: “Fear cannot be a driver for an officer’s response to every incident. Unreasonable fear within an officer is dangerous.”The closed-door administrative hearings took place on Thursday. Chief Paul noted that while Officer Lake answered all of the questions put to him at his hearing, Officer Salamoni, on the advice of his lawyer, chose not to answer questions.The chief’s announcement was expected to bring a modicum of relief to activists and Mr. Sterling’s family members, who have grown increasingly frustrated after the state and federal decisions.The decision also came amid tension and protests over another police shooting in Sacramento. Stephon Clark, a 22-year-old unarmed black man, was shot at more than 20 times by the police in his grandmother’s backyard on March 18. A private autopsy commissioned by Mr. Clark’s family and released Friday found that eight bullets had struck him and that his death took three to 10 minutes, raising questions about why he did not receive medical care more quickly.Part of Mr. Sterling’s fatal encounter with the Baton Rouge officers was captured in a widely seen cellphone video, in which the officers can be seen holding down Mr. Sterling. At one point, someone can be heard saying, “He’s got a gun! Gun!”The two officers were responding to a call that a man who fit Mr. Sterling’s description had been brandishing a gun.One newly released video from the vantage of the convenience store shows Mr. Sterling standing by a folding table, where he appears to be doing business with two customers. Officer Lake approaches, and takes Mr. Sterling by the arm.Footage from Mr. Salamoni’s video camera shows him approaching moments later.The three men tussle as the officers try to bend Mr. Sterling over the hood of a car and as Officer Salamoni, using expletives, repeatedly threatens to shoot Mr. Sterling in the head. Officer Lake fires his Taser at Mr. Sterling, twice, and Officer Salamoni tackles him to the ground.Gunshots ring out. As Mr. Sterling lies motionless on the parking lot, Officer Salamoni swears at him and searches his pockets, apparently for a firearm.A state report later noted that Officer Lake had found a .38-caliber handgun in Mr. Sterling’s pocket after the shooting. The report also included the results of a toxicology test, which said Mr. Sterling’s blood had contained alcohol, cocaine, amphetamine, methamphetamine and THC. The amount of methamphetamine, the report said, was associated with “abusers who exhibited violent and irrational behavior.”Michael Adams, a lawyer for the Sterling family, said the videos showed that Mr. Sterling was lucid, and not “deranged” or “out of control.”“He stayed relatively calm throughout this process,” he said. “And that’s a different story or depiction when you read the attorney general’s findings.”Another lawyer for the family, L. Chris Stewart, said that he was pleased to see Mr. Salamoni leave the force.The two officers may now appeal their punishments to a civil service board, which will hold public proceedings and uphold, vacate or modify the punishments. The officers may then appeal that decision to a state district court.Before the chief’s announcement on Friday, Sharon Weston Broome, the mayor of Baton Rouge, had said publicly that she would like to see Officer Salamoni fired and Officer Lake disciplined. Ms. Broome, who was elected in 2016, pledged during her campaign that she would replace the previous police chief, fulfilling that promise late last year with the announcement of Mr. Paul’s appointment.Lawyers for the two officers are almost certain in the appeals process to seize on the mayor’s statements calling for the discipline of the officers, and argue that the punishments were a foregone conclusion, said Henry D.H. Olinde, a Baton Rouge lawyer with significant experience with civil service cases.“The question’s going to be, did the mayor’s declaration in any way influence the decision of the police chief?” he said.In an interview with a local TV station, John S. McLindon, Officer Salamoni’s lawyer, said he would vigorously pursue the appeal as “a matter of principle,” noting that his client did not expect to get his job on the force back.“I think it’s unfair,” Mr. McLindon said. “He had to make some split-second decisions — several split-second decisions.”A lawyer for Mr. Lake could not be reached for comment Friday night.The new police chief, who is black, has a difficult political path to navigate in a racially and economically divided Southern city. He will have to both rally his police force to his side to support a reform agenda and gain the trust of residents who took to the streets in protest after Mr. Sterling’s death.Chief Paul spoke at his news conference of a retaliatory act after the shooting, in which a man shot and killed two Baton Rouge police officers and a deputy sheriff. He spoke of all of the work that officers do that rarely garners international attention, and encouraged residents to file complaints if they felt they were mistreated by police.He also urged them not to resist officers’ orders, and to treat the police with respect.“Please stop resisting. Stop running,” he said. “When the police officer gives you direction, listen.”WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions rejected on Thursday a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to investigate allegations by conservatives that Justice Department officials abused their authority in surveilling a former Trump campaign official.In a letter to three congressional committee chairmen, Mr. Sessions said an existing Justice Department inquiry into issues raised earlier by the lawmakers included an examination of the surveillance matter, obviating the need for a special counsel. He identified John W. Huber, the United States attorney in Utah, as the prosecutor leading that investigation and stressed that he welcomed lawmakers’ scrutiny.“I take the concerns you raise seriously,” Mr. Sessions wrote, adding, “No institution is perfect.”Nonetheless, his decision not to appoint a special counsel, at least for now, is almost certain to disappoint Republicans. Even after the announcement a day earlier that the Justice Department inspector general is also examining the allegations, lawmakers reiterated their calls for a special counsel.President Trump had demanded last month that Mr. Sessions turn to Justice Department lawyers, not the inspector general, to investigate accusations of surveillance abuse.The department had told lawmakers in November that senior prosecutors were examining a variety of issues, including allegations related to the Clinton family foundation. Included in that inquiry, Mr. Sessions wrote on Thursday, was the surveillance of the campaign official, Carter Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser during Mr. Trump’s presidential run.The wiretap of Mr. Page has been at the heart of attacks on the Russia investigation by Mr. Trump, Republican lawmakers and conservative commentators, who have assailed the inquiry as an effort by federal law enforcement officials to undercut Mr. Trump. They have said the application to spy on him, submitted to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, relied on information from Democrat-funded research without being fully forthcoming about its source.But congressional Democrats, in a memo intended to rebut those claims, have said that the F.B.I. was clear about the source of the information and that it was only part of a larger set of evidence to support a wiretap. Law enforcement officials have long suspected that Mr. Page, a former investment banker in Moscow, was a Russian agent and interviewed him about his contacts with Russian intelligence agents during the same month Mr. Trump brought him aboard his campaign.Mr. Sessions addressed the letter to three Republican lawmakers who have called for a second special counsel: Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee; Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee; and Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, the head of the House Oversight Committee.The department’s inspector general, Michael E. Horowitz, is also to expected to release in the coming weeks the results of another high-profile investigation into the conduct of F.B.I. and Justice Department officials during the 2016 presidential campaign, when it was investigating both Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information while secretary of state and ties between Russia and Trump associates. The latter inquiry is now the purview of the existing special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III.That coming report prompted the firing this month of Andrew G. McCabe, the former F.B.I. deputy director, hours before he was eligible to retire.A psychiatrist testified on Thursday that a nanny who fatally stabbed two small children in her care believed she was following a command from the Devil and was in the grip of psychosis so severe she could not understand her actions or recall them later.“She wasn’t in her normal conscious state, where she could control her behavior,” the psychiatrist, Dr. Karen Rosenbaum, told jurors on her second day of testimony. “She was in a dissociative state and a psychotic state and wasn’t aware of her actions.”Dr. Rosenbaum was the first of several expert witnesses expected to testify at the murder trial of the former nanny, Yoselyn Ortega, who has entered a plea of not responsible by reason of mental disease or defect.Ms. Ortega, 55, is charged in State Supreme Court in Manhattan with two counts of first-degree murder for the deaths of Leo Krim, 2, and his sister Lucia, 6, on Oct. 25, 2012. If convicted, she faces life in prison. If found not responsible, she would be committed to a secure psychiatric facility.To prevail with an insanity defense, Ms. Ortega’s lawyers must show she did not understand the consequences of her actions or know they were wrong.Prosecutors, however, argue Ms. Ortega killed the children and tried to kill herself in a bathroom of the Krim’s Upper West Side apartment because she resented their mother and was overworked. They point out she had been deeply despondent and had told her sister to take care of her teenage son in the days before the killings. She also left her valuables at home that day.Dr. Rosenbaum said Ms. Ortega had been having auditory and visual hallucinations, coupled with bouts of crippling depression, since she was a teenager in the Dominican Republic, but her illness was never diagnosed or treated.Ms. Ortega told Dr. Rosenbaum in more than a dozen interviews that in the week before the murders she started hearing multiple voices, including a deep one she thought was Satan’s, telling her to kill herself and the Krim children, Dr. Rosenbaum said.She claimed to have no memory of the grisly slayings; the police said she cut the little boy’s throat and stabbed the girl 30 times, using two kitchen knifes.“She had been struggling against voices. For at least a week she was fighting against them,” Dr. Rosenbaum said. “They were screaming at her.”The day of the killings, the last thing Ms. Ortega claimed to remember was taking Lucia home to use the bathroom, Dr. Rosenbaum said. The psychiatrist said at that moment, the “auditory hallucinations won over her and she went into an altered state of consciousness.”Dr. Rosenbaum said psychosis was the only logical explanation for the murders, as Ms. Ortega had told her relatives she cared deeply for the children. “She loved the children,” she testified. “There is no reason she would want to hurt anybody other than the psychotic delusion she was experiencing.”On cross-examination, the lead prosecutor, Stuart Silberg, forced Dr. Rosenbaum to acknowledge Ms. Ortega had never mentioned to anyone, even her closest relatives, that the Devil or other voices had told her to kill the children.In the months leading up to the crime, Ms. Ortega had talked about feeling depressed, about hearing voices and about being followed by shadows and a “black man,” according to trial testimony. Yet it was not until months after the murders, when Dr. Rosenbaum interviewed her in a hospital, that Ms. Ortega said Satan had ordered her to kill the children.“After the crime is when she starts telling you and other psychiatrists about how the Devil had been telling her to kill herself and the kids, correct?” Mr. Silberg asked. “Yes,” Dr. Rosenbaum replied.Mr. Silberg also suggested that the number of wounds on the children told of a woman intent on killing, just as her two self-inflicted neck wounds proved she tried hard to end her own life. He said the evidence suggested “an intentional, thoughtful act.”(Reuters) - A power outage at messaging app Telegram's server cluster is causing connection issues for users in Europe, Middle East and CIS countries, the app said in a Twitter post on Thursday.The company is working to fix the issue and expects power to be back up very soon, Telegram founder Pavel Durov tweeted on Thursday.(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)ENGLEWOOD, N.J. —  Rapper Fabolous is facing domestic violence charges in New Jersey.Englewood police say the rapper, whose real name is John Jackson, turned himself in around 8:30 p.m. Wednesday. They say the alleged incident occurred earlier that day, but they would not identify the victim or say who reported it.Fabolous was charged with aggravated assault and making terroristic threats. He was released Wednesday night.The rapper lives in Englewood with his girlfriend, Emily B, a former cast member on the "Love & Hip Hop: New York" reality show.Fabolous' agent did not respond Thursday to a message seeking comment on the charges.
