SYDNEY —  Trevor Chappell is possibly the only Australian cricketer past or present to have found a positive in the ball-tampering scandal that has engulfed the country, relieving him of an unwanted notoriety he assumed 37 years ago.With one ball remaining in the third one-day final of the 1981 World Series Cup and New Zealand needing six runs to tie, Chappell was instructed by his brother and Australian captain Greg to bowl underarm.Trevor rolled the ball along the pitch to prevent Kiwi tail-ender Brian Mckechnie clearing the fence about 90 metres away."I thought it was a good idea to underarm bowl at the time but not these days," Trevor told Daily Telegraph. "I struggled a lot with it mentally. I was vilified for years and people will still ask about it."The incident was marked as the biggest scar on the reputation of Australian cricket and Trevor said it had taken a mental toll on him and cost him his marriage."I don't know if my brothers have done better in life than me after what happened. Greg copped it at the time, but the quiet life certainly chose me after that," the 65-year-old said."My marriage broke down and I never remarried or had kids. These days all I do is coach cricket to kids and play golf."In the wake of the recent ball-tampering controversy in the third test against South Africa in Cape Town, he said skipper Steve Smith, vice captain David Warner and Cameron Bancroft may have to deal with the consequences for the rest of the lives."They'll have to live with what they've done forever. Whether it haunts them for the rest of their lives is down to them but I haven't been able to shake off what happened to me in 37 years," Trevor said."What I did has lived with me ever since and it will be the same for Smith and Bancroft."They will struggle for the rest of their lives and be known as the ones who brought Australian cricket into disrepute."But Trevor admitted he was pleased to no longer be the main villain in the history of Australian cricket."I'm the one who comes up on Google as the man who took the lead role in Australian cricket's darkest day -- it's a real relief I can finally drop that title," he added.(This story refiles to fix typos in 12th par.)(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by John O'Brien)Few white-collar defendants have been more reviled than the man known as the Pharma Bro, Martin Shkreli, even before he was convicted on multiple counts of securities fraud. The Atlantic called him “the perfect and very hateable combination of arrogance, youth, and avarice,” after he gained notoriety for acquiring the rights to generic drugs for rare diseases and then jacking up the prices.Ben Brafman, Mr. Shkreli’s defense lawyer, told me this week that in his four decades of representing high-profile clients, he’d never encountered so many potential jurors who asked to be excused because they didn’t think they could give his client a fair hearing. “I’ve represented people charged with murder and dismemberment, and jurors didn’t bat an eye,” he said. “In Martin’s case, they asked to be excused because they hated him.”Mr. Shkreli was convicted of fraud for his activities at two hedge funds he ran, not for anything related to drug pricing. Mr. Brafman argued that Mr. Shkreli eventually repaid all of his investors, and some realized large gains. Still, a jury ultimately found Mr. Shkreli guilty on three counts — acquitting him on five others — and this month he was sentenced to seven years in prison.In stark contrast, Elizabeth Holmes, the founder of the Silicon Valley blood-testing start-up Theranos, was one of the most lauded members of her young generation. By the time she turned 30, she’d been the subject of glowing magazine profiles and flattering cover photos, the recipient of an honorary degree from Pepperdine University, and a member of the board of fellows of Harvard Medical School.She was the youngest recipient of the Horatio Alger award in recognition of “remarkable achievements accomplished through honesty, hard work, self-reliance and perseverance over adversity.”Forbes put her on the cover of its 2015 survey of the 400 richest Americans and estimated her net worth at $4.5 billion.Last week, the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Ms. Holmes  and the company’s former president of masterminding a “massive fraud” at Theranos. The complaint describes an elaborate edifice of false statements through which the two “deceived investors” into believing Theranos’s unique technology could perform comprehensive tests on a single drop of blood.Among the more brazen falsehoods peddled to potential investors: that Theranos technology was used by the Defense Department in Afghanistan and on medevac helicopters, and that the company’s revenue in 2014 was $108 million and was “on track” to generate $1 billion in 2015.In fact, Theranos technology was “never deployed” on the battlefield in Afghanistan, “or on medevac helicopters,” the S.E.C. said. Theranos’s revenue in 2014 was barely $100,000, “nowhere near” $100 million, the agency said, and the $1 billion projection was a fantasy that “had no basis” in reality.Ms. Holmes settled the S.E.C.’s charges without admitting or denying them. She is barred from being an officer or director of any public company for 10 years and agreed to pay a fine of $500,000. Though she lost voting control of Theranos, a private company, she remains chairman and chief executive.She could still face criminal charges. It’s unusual, though not unprecedented, for the S.E.C. to settle a case while a criminal investigation is underway. (The United States attorney’s office in San Francisco has declined to comment on whether it is investigating potential criminal charges; in a note to outside partners in 2016, the company said that the Justice Department had requested documents and that an investigation was active.)Still, the relatively lenient treatment she’s gotten so far, compared with Mr. Shkreli’s seven-year prison term, provokes the question: Is this fair?“I don’t have any connection to the case, but from reading the S.E.C.’s complaint, the allegations are of a nature that prosecutors would typically pursue to determine if criminal charges can be brought,” said Antonia M. Apps, a former federal prosecutor and partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy who teaches a course on white-collar crime at Harvard Law School. “It’s outright fraud.”John C. Coffee Jr., a professor at Columbia Law School who teaches classes on white-collar crime, agreed that “it appears a lot of people were defrauded.” But he said he would not be surprised to see a plea bargain or even a deferred prosecution agreement, in which Ms. Holmes could avoid a prison term, especially if she cooperates with prosecutors.“Typically you get more sympathy from the criminal justice system if you’re an attractive young woman than a brash, arrogant young male,” he said.Mr. Coffee and other lawyers I spoke to cautioned that, because she settled the S.E.C.’s charges, the public hasn’t heard her defense. When more facts emerge, her case may be more complex than it now appears. But on the face of the S.E.C.’s complaint, Mr. Shkreli’s crimes pale in comparison.At the heart of both cases are lies: At Mr. Shkreli’s sentencing, federal Judge Kiyo A. Matsumoto referred to Mr. Shkreli’s “egregious multitude of lies,” and the same might be said of Ms. Holmes. But the financial consequences of her deceptions were in another league.Judge Matsumoto said it didn’t matter that Mr. Shkreli later repaid the investors he defrauded, or that some of his investors made millions. Still, the magnitude of the fraud was just over $10 million.Theranos’s was far greater. According to the S.E.C. complaint, from 2013 to 2015 Theranos used false claims to raise more than $700 million from investors. By late last year, Theranos was “on the verge of bankruptcy,” the S.E.C. said.Mr. Shkreli’s victims were mostly wealthy individuals, presumably sophisticated investors. Many of Ms. Holmes’ victims were, too; they included the media magnate Rupert Murdoch and Larry Ellison, the billionaire co-founder of Oracle. But she also attracted venture capital funds whose investors included pension funds and endowments, affecting thousands of ordinary Americans.In comparison to Mr. Shkreli’s fraud, the Holmes allegations “are really a different order of magnitude,” Ms. Apps said.But the reactions of Ms. Holmes and Mr. Shkreli to the charges are also wildly divergent — a factor that may ultimately determine whether Ms. Holmes is charged, and, if convicted, whether she ends up in prison.Both Ms. Holmes and Mr. Shkreli courted celebrity and seemed to revel in media attention. But in Mr. Shkreli’s case, that impulse seemed only to intensify once he was charged.Mr. Shkreli repeatedly defied Mr. Brafman’s admonitions to keep quiet and avoid the limelight. He smirked through his trial, taunted prosecutors as the “junior varsity,” called the case a “witch hunt” and was suspended by Twitter after he threatened to have sex with a freelance journalist who covered him. His bail was revoked and he was imprisoned after he offered a $5,000 bounty in a Facebook post for a strand of Hillary Clinton’s hair — a “solicitation to assault,” Judge Matsumoto ruled.In theory, Mr. Shkreli’s well-publicized bizarre antics, both in and out of court, should have had no bearing on his guilt or sentence. As Mr. Brafman put it in his opening statement, Mr. Shkreli shouldn’t be found guilty for being “odd,” “weird,” or having a “dysfunctional personality.” But prosecutors cited his behavior to assert in closing arguments that he “had no respect for the law.” At his sentencing, Judge Matsumoto suggested his actions called into question whether his purported remorse was genuine.“I’ve never had a client who did more to hurt his own standing with the court than Martin Shkreli,” Mr. Brafman said. His behavior and comments “probably added several years to his sentence.”So far, Ms. Holmes has followed the traditional route of the contrite potential defendant: She has maintained a low profile and said nothing to provoke the government or prosecutors.After the S.E.C. settlement, Ms. Holmes made no comment. In keeping with that strategy, John Dwyer, the Palo Alto, Calif., lawyer representing her, declined to comment for this column. Theranos issued a statement stressing that she had “cooperated with the S.E.C. throughout its investigation” and said its independent directors were “pleased to be bringing this matter to a close.”Sarah Peveler lacks a support system that many older people count on: their adult children.But Ms. Peveler, 71, who is divorced and childless, said she was determined not to let fear of an uncertain future get the best of her.To help avoid the potential perils of a solitary old age, Ms. Peveler is carrying out a multipronged, go-it-alone plan. A key part of it was to find a small community where she could make friends and walk nearly everywhere, without worrying about the hazards of ice and snow.A friend from North Carolina suggested that she look at Tarboro, in the eastern part of the state, about 75 miles from Raleigh. The city of 11,400 filled the bill, and she moved there several years before retiring in 2012 from her job as an executive at a Philadelphia-based nonprofit.“At some point, I am not going to be able to drive,” she said. From her downtown home, “I can walk to Main Street, the library, the church, the drugstore and the Piggly Wiggly.”Ms. Peveler paid $135,000 cash for a one-story house with longevity in mind. One of the three bedrooms, she said, can be converted into an apartment if she needs a caretaker to move in. She is thinking of checking out assisted-living facilities in case she ever needs more than home care. (There is a family history of dementia, she said.) Several mini-strokes caused some cognitive impairment, so her doctor monitors her regularly.With a brother on the West Coast and no nieces or nephews to step in, Ms. Peveler has, through her church and several civic activities, developed a surrogate family of friends and neighbors, many of them several decades younger, who keep tabs on her. For added protection, she signed up for a service, EyeOn App, that signals three friends if she does not reply within a half-hour to scheduled alerts on her cellphone.“Once, I didn’t respond, and everyone called me,” she said. “My next-door neighbor sent her daughter over.”Although no plan is foolproof, Ms. Peveler said she was as confident as she could be. “I know people would have my back,” she said.Ms. Peveler is among a growing number of older Americans who are unmarried and childless. By 2030, about 16 percent of women 80 to 84 will be childless, compared with about 12 percent in 2010, according to a 2013 report by AARP.While Ms. Peveler is trying to control the risks of aging alone, many so-called elder orphans may not fare as well. Older single and childless people are at higher risk than those with children for facing medical problems, cognitive decline and premature death, according to a 2016 study led by Dr. Maria Torroella Carney, chief of geriatric and palliative medicine at the Northwell Health system on Long Island. The study noted that about 22 percent of people 65 and older either are childless or have children who are not in contact.Adult children typically help elderly parents negotiate housing, social-service and health care options. Without such a fallback, elder orphans can reduce their risks by building their own support structures, Dr. Carney said.“People who are aging alone need to make plans when they are independent and functional,” she said. “They need to learn about the resources in the community and the appropriate time to start using them.” Those services could include senior-friendly housing and the growing number of home-delivered products and services aimed at the aging-solo market, such as healthy meals and doctors who make house calls, she said.One of the first steps childless people should take is to hire an elder law lawyer, who can draw up documents that will protect them if they become incapacitated. Childless people typically turn to a friend, a lawyer, clergy, or a niece or nephew to make medical decisions, according to experts. A bank’s trust unit can take on financial tasks, with a friend, a relative or a lawyer monitoring the bank’s decisions.Christina Lesher, an elder law lawyer in Houston, suggests appointing a “micro board,” which includes the lawyer, the health care and financial agents, an accountant and a geriatric care manager. “The board can step in if a client cannot make decisions,” Ms. Lesher said. The client could assign a network of friends and neighbors to call the lawyer in an emergency or if they notice any cognitive decline.As for housing, Dr. Carney recommends that people aging alone consider a senior-friendly “congregate living” arrangement. Besides offering a variety of services, such housing can lessen isolation, which her research shows can lead to physical and cognitive decline. If that is not possible, she said, elder orphans should move closer to shopping, medical care, recreation and senior support services.One housing option with a built-in support system is a continuing care retirement community. Residents usually start in an independent living unit and, depending on the care needed, move to an on-site assisted-living unit or a skilled-nursing facility. Entrance and monthly fees tend to be hefty, however. Typical entry fees range from just over $100,000 to more than $400,000 while monthly services fees can range from $2,000 to $4,000, according to MyLifeSite, which tracks the pricing and financial information of more than 800 C.C.R.C.s.With no one to oversee their care, elder orphans who want to remain in their own homes for as long as possible could enlist a geriatric care manager, who monitors elderly clients and coordinates care.In Washington, D.C., clients of Iona Senior Services, for example, can arrange for a care manager to be on call as their health deteriorates, said Deborah Rubenstein, director of consultation, care management and counseling programs. If a client is discharged from a hospital, for example, the care manager, in consultation with the designated health care agent, would arrange for rehabilitation or home care, she said.“More and more people were coming to us and saying, ‘I’m O.K. now, but I’m realistic enough to know my health status could change,’” Ms. Rubenstein said. Iona charges $150 an hour.Meanwhile, a growing number of volunteer neighborhood groups are providing both social connections and practical help to older people who are at home alone. More than 200 organizations in the Village to Village Network, including “villages” in the New York area, provide rides to medical appointments, snow removal, home repairs and computer support. Villages in 150 additional neighborhoods are in development. Tax-deductible membership fees can range from $100 to $400.Entrepreneurs and companies, many nationwide, are moving into the so-called longevity market. On-demand services, accessible by a phone app or a computer, can connect people to personal assistants and food delivery.“The on-demand marketplace will be the best friend of elder orphans,” said Mary Furlong, a Silicon Valley consultant to companies that cater to seniors.For example, the ride-hailing service Lyft is working with health care systems and retirement communities to provide rides to nonemergency medical appointments and other destinations. And because financial acuity often declines with age, childless singles can enroll in a service such as EverSafe, which monitors accounts for unusual spending and alerts the client or a trusted advocate of possible fraud.In-home technology, like medication reminders, also can help people live alone safely longer, experts say. Besides her EyeOn home-monitoring system, Ms. Peveler uses an Amazon Alexa device.“If I am reading a recipe, I can tell her what to put on a shopping list,” said Ms. Peveler, who has a harder time remembering some details since her mini-strokes. And just for fun, she may tell Alexa “to make cat noises, and one of my cats goes nuts.”For those aging solo, expanding a social network is essential, according to experts on aging. Two years ago, Carol Marak, who is in her mid-60s and lives alone in Dallas, started the Elder Orphan Facebook Group.“I wanted a place to feel less lonely and to connect with others in the same situation,” said Ms. Marak, who is also the spokeswoman for SeniorCare.com, a site that provides information on local care options. About 6,500 childless singles, mostly women, are members, she said.Ms. Marak said she was struck by the number of members who worried about being “isolated and disconnected from the community.” She said she was trying hard to create her own social connections. She moved from a suburban house to a downtown condominium building, where she is making new friends. And she has organized brunches for Dallas members of the Facebook page.Determined to stay healthy for as long as possible, Ms. Marak said she walks six miles a day and eats mostly vegan meals. “I need to keep stronger because I am totally responsible for myself,” she said.KAMPALA, Uganda —  Ugandan authorities say they have found fake Hepatitis B vaccines at some health facilities, including in the capital, Kampala.A statement from the Ministry of Health says the fake vaccines were discovered during routine checks at facilities in four districts.It says some suspects have been arrested in the scam involving doses allegedly originating from India.The scandal has fueled concerns about corruption in a health sector long plagued by malfeasance. Fake drugs are a common problem across Africa.A Ugandan lawmaker died of complications related to Hepatitis B last year, bringing more attention to the virus that attacks the liver and can cause chronic illness.The Hepatitis B prevalence rate in Uganda stands at 10 percent, higher than the HIV rate, according to the most recent government figures.AMSTERDAM —  Dutch wholesaler B&S Group said on Thursday it has set the offer price in its initial public offering of shares at 14.50 euros per share, the bottom of its indicated range of 14.50-17.50 per share.In a statement, the company said the list price implies an equity value of 1.22 billion euros (£1.1 billion).B&S shareholders will sell a 29.3 percent stake in the company worth 358 million euros, assuming no overallotment option is exercised.B&S, which is jointly owned by its founder and its CEO, supplies consumer goods to cruise ships, military bases and low-cost retailers. [L8N1QG0OM]The shares are set to begin trading on Friday on Euronext Amsterdam.(Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Susan Fenton)Arctic foxes are endangered in Sweden, Norway and Finland, scattered in isolated populations that can fall victim to severe inbreeding, further threatening their survival.That’s what happened to a group descended from six white foxes that settled in the early 2000s on Helagsfjället, the highest mountain in southern Sweden.But in 2010, a local ranger noticed something different: slate-colored or “blue” Arctic foxes, which had to be newcomers. The immigrants presented a rare opportunity for scientists to study what happens when new genetic material flows into a small, isolated population threatened with extinction.In a study published Wednesday in Proceedings of the Royal Society B, scientists from Sweden and Norway reported that just three new males dramatically reduced inbreeding and produced a generation of more robust offspring in the Helagsfjället arctic fox population.The findings lend support to a disputed conservation strategy called genetic rescue, which involves introducing genetic diversity to boost the survival chances of small, inbred populations, said Jennifer Neuwald, an assistant professor of biology at Colorado State University who was not involved in the new study.“This study showed that having those new individuals bring in new DNA actually had an effect,” she said.Arctic foxes — which remain abundant in parts of North America and Russia — come in two color morphs. White morphs are snowy in winter and brown-grey in summer, while blue morphs stay a ravishing indigo, brown and charcoal mix year-round.The blue foxes that arrived in Helagsfjället had come from a captive breeding and restoration program funded by the Norwegian government. In 2009, the program released two blue brothers and another, unrelated white male in southern Norway. The three migrated about 150 miles to the Swedish subpopulation.Malin Hasselgren, a Ph.D. student in zoology at Stockholm University, led efforts to construct a giant family tree with DNA sampled from 543 foxes, or 105 litters, born in Helagsfjället between 2000 and 2015.In the five years following the arrival of the new males, the population of the Helagsfjället clan nearly doubled. Over the same period, inbreeding also decreased by 43 percent, which is “really rapid,” Ms. Hasselgren said.Perhaps more important, the first generation of pups born to immigrant fathers was more evolutionarily fit than inbred pups: The former were almost twice as likely to survive their first year of life, and had higher breeding success.These higher survival and breeding rates help the authors “make the case that a reduction in inbreeding is helping this population grow,” said Sarah Fitzpatrick, an assistant professor of integrative biology at Michigan State University not involved in the research.A larger concern is that the benefits of genetic rescue will be short-lived.In 1997, a single male wolf immigrated from Canada to Isle Royale in Michigan, causing inbreeding levels to plummet by 89 percent in four years. But then his DNA overtook the entire Isle Royale wolf population, leading to a climb in inbreeding and genetic defects that proved to be devastating. As of this winter, Isle Royale may be down to its last wolf.Adding new individuals to a threatened population can also introduce disease or swamp local adaptations. Decades ago, conservationists moved some ibexes, a type of wild goat, from the Middle East to mate with a dwindling population in what was then Czechoslovakia. But the resulting hybrids ultimately could not survive the cold, causing the entire population to go extinct.Still, genetic rescue has had successful outcomes too, for panthers in Florida, bighorn sheep in Montana, vipers in Sweden and others. Many conservationists believe it’s a tool with increasing potential, as wildlife populations become more and more fragmented by human activities.Dr. Neuwald emphasized that the key is “going in with your eyes wide open,” by having considered the genetic, ecological and social compatibility between transplants and existing populations.If that’s done, and if genetic rescue gives a species its best chance of survival, “it’s worth giving it a try,” she said.
