Sally Mann, born in a hospital that had once been Stonewall Jackson’s home, has lived in Virginia most of her life and always proclaimed her Southern-ness in her photographs and in her engaging and boisterous memoir, “Hold Still.” She says that what makes her work Southern is her obsession with place, family, the past, her love of Southern light, and her willingness to experiment with levels of romance beyond what most late-20th-century artists could tolerate. Add to that romanticism the influence of Southern writers and you get a tinge of gothic. A streak of expressionism also comes into the mix, powered by the will to express feelings strongly and the capacity to make those visible.All of that Southern-ness, all those obsessions, and all her strengths are on view in a deftly chosen and admirably displayed exhibition in Washington covering most of her 40-plus-year career: “Sally Mann: A Thousand Crossings,” at the National Gallery of Art. There, 108 images — 47 of them never before exhibited — and an excellent catalog provide a provocative tour through the photographer’s accomplishments. It is also a record of exploration — into the past, into the country’s history and photography’s, stamped with a powerful vision.The exhibition focuses first on Ms. Mann’s preoccupation with family relations when her children were young and she adroitly registered the endemic conflicts and convolutions in the process of growing up. From there she set out to discover the Virginia land she lived on and nearby Southern states.The work grows visibly more profound in content — in some instances anguished — as it makes a foray into Southern history. At length she returns to her children, ever more liable to time’s assaults, to her own close brush with death in a riding accident, and to the sad progress of her husband’s late-onset muscular dystrophy. If the delicate progress along life’s journey is most evident in children, Ms. Mann took a larger path into racial history, and memories of the past that linger in current consciousness.Her work was never solely about surface, but as it went on it went deeper and faced darkness ever more daringly. The exhibition convincingly illustrates her exceptional sensibility, dauntless exploration of techniques, consummate skill as a printer, and willingness to tackle the complexities of life and death. (Her rare tendency to overdo her romantic expressionism also raises its head.) Not everything equals her best, but her best brims with passion.The show was organized by Sarah Greenough, senior curator and head of the department of photographs from the National Gallery of Art, and Sarah Kennel, a curator of photography at the Peabody Essex Museum.Ms. Mann burst into the national consciousness with her fourth book, “Immediate Family,” in 1992 — for all the wrong reasons. (It was reissued in 2015.) At a time when the country was virtually hysterical about child abuse and about nudity of any sort (remember the Mapplethorpe trial?), her pictures of her three young children who were sometimes nude on their isolated farmland created a child-porn/bad-mother uproar, though the photos were about the children’s interplay with one another and their parents during a hot summer by the river. Many photographers understood, and were influenced.The show has few nude images but emphasizes such complicated matters as the fleeting duration of innocence, the childhood vacillation between dependence and independence, and the recurrent fears of danger that haunt parenthood. “Jessie Bites” foregrounds the child’s anger as well as her need of the maternal support provided by an unenthusiastic adult arm with bite marks. “Emmett Floating at Camp,” an unpublished image from 1991 of her child floating in a great gray nowhere, turns out to be uncannily prescient and devastatingly sad, for Emmett ultimately became schizophrenic and committed suicide in 2016.As the children grew, Ms. Mann next went in search of the South itself, propelled by the idea that the landscape’s “profligate beauty” set the scene for the odd mix of defeat, defiance and graciousness that marks the region’s character. In a section called “The Land,” she uses antique lenses, encouraging the kind of mistakes that would have horrified earlier photographers.The land lies dazzled under the Southern light or slumbers in humidity, the sky is a damaged dome cut off by vignetting (black shading across corners), or it may be a cosmos of its own. She sees light as the great lover lavishing caresses on the land, or the great obliterator that overwhelms the earth’s solidity, or the great designer reconfiguring common notions about what should hold our attention.And she considers the land’s sumptuous beauty deceptive, for she is certain that death lingers underfoot, the deaths of slaves who tilled and built the land. “I have had a fascination with death that I think might be considered genetic,” she has said, adding, “My father had the same affliction, I guess.” Her family’s house was full of images of the way various cultures portrayed death, and perhaps by osmosis, she became obsessed by the subject from childhood on. As she wrote: “Death is the sculptor of the ravishing landscape, the terrible mother, the damp creator of life, by whom we are one day devoured.”This preoccupation coincides with her belated realization that racism infected the entire South, even those who considered themselves virtuously opposed to it, something that suddenly struck her when she went north to boarding school.As a child she was already troubled by the brutal murder of Emmett Till, a black teenager from Chicago who was kidnapped, mutilated and killed in Mississippi in 1955; she later named her firstborn after him.But she had not questioned why Virginia Carter, her beloved black nanny known as Gee-Gee, had to eat in the car when traveling with the family. Once fully aware, she went looking for markers of Till’s death. Neither her photograph of the bridge where he was allegedly thrown into the water nor the unprepossessing bit of shore where his body was retrieved looks like a witness to murder, despite a thin white streak like a teardrop near the bridge. Photographs are mute objects, and many only speak when spoken to. Once titled, these two photographs call up a hideous history, remind us of the land’s indifference, and roil the mind.She ventured farther, into Civil War battlefields. A gallery is filled with very large, immensely dark pictures: an angry, oppressive, demanding display. Using collodion negatives, a 19th-century medium, and antique lenses, she coaxed chance and accidents into her prints, reinforcing the sense of history and mimicking the random effects of war. Several powerful images of Antietam, site of the bloodiest day in American history, are virtually as dark as death itself. In one, half of a pitch-black sun looms on the horizon while a second sun, fuller but less distinct, ominously gathers force in the sky. In another, a curtain of heaving black cloud, laced with what might be lightning, descends. In these images the blind force of slaughter mingles with mourning.A group of photographs of the Great Dismal Swamp, where escaped slaves sought refuge on the way north and many died, are also strong and harrowing. They were created as tintypes, a period technique, and relatively small. The foliage, atmosphere and reflections are as clotted and impenetrable as emblems of evil. I’d have liked to see them larger, for they are fierce vistas without redemption, the landscape of hell masquerading as art.Ms. Mann also made serious, melancholy portraits of black men, taken, as she recounts in “Hold Still,” in an attempt to remedy the unsettled feelings she has about her early blithe ignorance of racism and to find out who the black men were that she never really saw back then.She has asked more than once if the land has a memory. Well, no. We endow it with one when we memorialize it in cemeteries, monuments, roadside markers, national battlefield parks. But history moves on; grass grows over it.Personal intimations of mortality fill the exhibition’s last room: greatly enlarged faces of her three grown children, so close up none has hair, all hard to identify one from the other. One has closed eyes, one seems to be in the process of disappearing. We have come full circle and ended in the same place: her children, the inexorability of time, and the parental fear that harm should come to them — as indeed it did later with Emmett’s death.And there are respectful, caring pictures, part of a series on the ravages of disease on her husband’s body — a thin arm, a no longer muscular torso. Under the title “Hephaestus,” for the deformed god of metalworking, an intricate cascade of what might be liquid metal slashes across the torso of this man who is both a lawyer and a blacksmith. These pictures are testimony to a marriage that has obviously been one of trust and love, as well as a vivid indication of how Ms. Mann has turned her fears into art.At the end there is a short color video of Ms. Mann with a brief survey of the rolling green land where she has lived much of her life. My eyes and mind were so drenched in black landscapes that the full visual spectrum momentarily stunned me and I thought there was something wrong. Photography has many ways to change the way we see.There is a kind of heroism in staring straight at the vexed meanings of landscape, the complexities of family, memory and life itself, as well as the face of death and the carnage of history. There may be nothing heroic about an obsession with death, but when it produces high-caliber art the issue is effectively closed. After all, death is obsessed with us, and it will have the last word.Over the last half decade, few stocks have been more beloved by investors and Wall Street analysts than Facebook. No wonder: After a rocky initial public offering in 2012, it has rolled over one obstacle after another, including the shift to mobile computing and the rise of photo sharing. It delivered revenue and user growth that surpassed even the most optimistic projections.By the end of last year, Facebook had 2.2 billion active users. Its stock rose 53 percent last year, single-handedly accounting for 3.7 percent of the 21.8 percent gain in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, according to S.&P. Dow Jones Indices. By early February, its market capitalization had surpassed $560 billion, making it the fifth most valuable company in the index.By then Facebook alone accounted for nearly 2 percent of the S.&P. 500 index, which means that anyone who owns a broad-based stock mutual fund or index fund probably owns Facebook shares. Sophisticated investors and institutions, too, have considerable exposure: Goldman Sachs analysts reported last month that Facebook was the second most widely held stock (after Amazon) by hedge funds.Over 90 percent of Wall Street analysts covering the company deemed Facebook a “buy” in early February, even though, at $195 a share, its price-to-earnings ratio, a common valuation measure, was a lofty 35. (The average ratio now is about 24; historically, it has been about 15.)It was, as Wall Street pundits like to say, “priced for perfection.”Whatever else can be said about Facebook’s recent tribulations, this much is certain: Its situation is far from perfection.After revelations that data harvested from Facebook may have been used to try to influence Britain’s vote to leave the European Union and the United States presidential election, the social network giant faces multiple investigations in both Europe and the United States, along with potentially profit-crimping regulations and limits to its use of data. And investor retribution has been swift.Since hitting its peak on Feb. 2, Facebook has lost an astonishing $100 billion in market capitalization. Its stock was trading midweek at close to $153 a share, a decline of nearly 22 percent. (It rebounded by about 4.5 percent Thursday and closed at $159.79.)With Facebook’s plunge, investor concerns have spread to other social media and internet stocks with lofty multiples, like the so-called FANG stocks — Facebook, Apple and Amazon, Netflix and Google — and Twitter. They accounted for more than 10 percent of the S.&P. 500 at their peak.“People who own an index fund need to realize how important Facebook is, and how big a role it and the FANG stocks played in the market’s rise,” said Howard Silverblatt, senior industry analyst for the S.&P. Dow Jones Indices, who oversees statistical analysis for the S.&P. 500. “The FANG leadership is faltering. Social media hasn’t faced much regulation, and now there’s a cloud hanging over those companies.”In the midst of past Facebook euphoria, few saw this coming. One that did was Aiera, a robot that uses artificial intelligence to make stock recommendations. Aiera, an acronym for artificially intelligent equity research analyst, put out a “sell” recommendation for Facebook last fall.So did Brian Wieser, a senior analyst at Pivotal Research Group  who covers media and internet companies. Although he was positive about the stock for most of its long climb, he downgraded Facebook to “sell” last summer based on regulatory and advertiser concerns and what he now considers “systemic management issues.”Not only was it a lonely position, but “the stock went up and up,” Mr. Wieser told me this week. “But I thought the market was wrong, full stop.”“I didn’t know what the catalyst would be, but at some point revenue growth had to slow and the margins go down,” he said. “There are practical limits. And I felt investors were looking at Facebook in much too positive a light. They just ignored all the bad things, and there were a lot of them.”Then, when the news broke this month that a British firm, Cambridge Analytica, had used Facebook data for voter profiling, Mr. Wieser said, he thought it was “the most significant thing that had happened to Facebook since it became a public company.”“Most people hadn’t given much thought to how their data is used,” he added. “But this really exposed the potential abuse. This is digital advertising’s original sin, and there’s going to be a reckoning that even now I don’t think most investors fully appreciate.”The other Facebook skeptic, Aiera, can talk, but Wells Fargo — whose global internet analyst, Ken Sena, developed the robot along with Bryan Healey — wasn’t making its wunderkind available for interviews. But based on Aiera’s published comments, it issued its sell recommendation after analyzing the frequency of negative mentions in the media of Russia’s use of Facebook to influence the presidential election, as well as fundamental valuation and technical factors. (Aiera uses artificial intelligence to read and analyze a half-million pieces of data per day gleaned from the internet. It currently analyzes more than 1,600 stocks.)Wells Fargo has stressed that Aiera remains in experimental mode, but one potential advantage is that it removes all human emotion from its analysis. Thus, Aiera was indifferent to the fact that nearly every other analyst had a buy recommendation on Facebook.That included her putative master, Mr. Sena, who was thrust into the somewhat awkward position of explaining his own buy recommendation even as Aiera said sell.When I spoke to him this week, Mr. Sena stressed that Aiera was a tool that could detect patterns and eliminate bias. “Aiera said election interference was a big deal, and it turned out it was a big deal,” Mr. Sena said. “But it’s not meant to supplant human judgments.”He hasn’t changed his buy recommendation even though he agrees with Mr. Wieser that investors need to take threats of regulation seriously. “The conventional wisdom was that people don’t care that much about how their data is used,” Mr. Sena said. “They like the convenience of targeted advertising. But the level of public outcry over this is new.’’“Facebook is going to have to do a lot of explaining,’’ he added. “I believe they have the capability and the technology to make the platform secure. But it’s going to distract from other initiatives investors are counting on for growth, like virtual reality and video content.”Even so, Facebook’s decline has been so steep that even Mr. Wieser and Aiera may reassess their recommendations if they calculate that the stock has bottomed out.When he last reiterated his sell recommendation, Mr. Wieser’s price target was $152. “I don’t want to be trigger happy on this,” he said. “It’s not clear yet what happens next. I want to fine-tune my thoughts before I revisit this.”Aiera canceled her sell recommendation after the stock plunged. She hasn’t yet made a new recommendation. Of 45 analysts who cover Facebook, 41 currently have a “buy” or “overweight” recommendation, up from 39 a month ago.Mr. Sena is even more bullish on Facebook than he was before, and hasn’t changed his price target of $230. “People are still glued to Facebook and Instagram,” he said.Its price-to-earnings ratio is now just 28, barely above the market average, which makes it “the cheapest stock in our coverage area, and it has some of the best growth prospects,” he said. “There’s no way mathematically to justify a loss of more than $70 billion in market cap.”“When I was your age, younger, all my friends were dying,” Sam, a gay man in his 50s, tells his 20-something lover. “I went to funerals twice a week.”Sam had been an AIDS activist decades ago who watched his partner die of the disease, and nearly every scene in “After Louie” finds him haunted by the past. Like a former soldier, this middle-aged man grapples with survivor’s guilt, and with the sort of emptiness of a battlefield after the war ends.Such a character could, in some hands, come off as inert as he chain-smokes and dwells on his memories. Yet he’s vividly played here by Alan Cumming, who uses a minimalist palette to paint a complex personality. It’s a masterly, controlled performance, in which a glance or a change in voice tone colors an entire scene.The production isn’t always as skilled. Vincent Gagliostro, directing his first feature, frames most every shot like the one before it, and his script, written with Anthony Johnston, heavily underlines the characters’ contrasts. After meeting Braeden (Zachary Booth), that attractive 20-something, Sam voices his resentment of the new generation of gay men, who take so much for granted. It’s a complicated kind of anger, yet one that could be better explored through subtext rather than speeches.Still, those are marginal criticisms of a film that feels authentic when portraying those who survived the worst years of the AIDS epidemic (it’s not surprising to learn that Mr. Gagliostro was an early member of Act Up) and when conveying the bittersweet passing of time in anyone’s life, gay or straight. Some stronger filmmaking would be welcome, sure, but “After Louie” has an honesty that’s often just as valuable.MILAN —  Mired in the lower half of the Serie A table again this season, Udinese were given another reminder this week of a bizarre missed penalty nearly six years ago which is widely seen as the turning point in their recent history.Udinese's fortunes took a dramatic turn for the worse after they agonisingly missed out on the Champions League group stage for 2012/13 by losing 5-4 on penalties to Portuguese side Braga in a playoff tie.Midfielder Maicosuel, then a recent signing, missed the crucial penalty after his attempted "Panenka" went embarrassingly wrong.The Brazilian tried to copy the style pioneered by Czech player Antonin Panenka by nonchalantly chipping the ball into the centre of the goal but his mis-hit effort was saved by Braga goalkeeper Beto.Francesco Guidolin, the Udinese coach at the time, told Gazzetta dello Sport this week that he was still haunted by the defeat which was estimated to have cost the club at least 20 million euros (17.8 million pounds) in lost Champions League revenue."After six years, I still can't get it out of my head," he said. "It stalks me.""I have never asked him why he took it that way. It was my mistake, I should have picked five penalty takers who had helped get to the team to that stage, not the last one to have arrived."The player himself went on to spend two years at Udinese, although he said his career was never the same again, and is now playing in Brazil for Gremio.Udinese have never come close to qualifying for the Champions League group stage since and have finished in the bottom half of the Serie A table for the last four seasons.This current campaign has also turned into a slog and defeats in their last five matches have left Massimo Oddo, the sixth coach to occupy the hot seat since Guidolin left in 2014, looking over his shoulder.With Udinese only nine points clear of the relegation zone, Oddo has warned his players that they are in a relegation battle and need to begin winning matches, starting with Saturday's visit to Atalanta."This is a delicate moment and we have to work hard," he said after a 2-1 defeat by Sassuolo in their previous game."From now on, we are beginning a new mini-league which is the battle against relegation, where we have to get as many points as possible. Maybe we need to be afraid, so that we are motivated again.""I began to get nervous when people started talking about qualifying for the Europa League," he added."This squad is not mature enough to aspire to such things and it made us take some steps backwards. We need to get our feet back on the ground."(Writing by Brian Homewood in Bern; Editing by Keith Weir)NEW YORK —  Anita Shreve, the best-selling novelist who explored how women responded to crises past and present in her native New England in favorites such as "The Pilot's Wife," ''Testimony" and "The Weight of Water," has died. She was 71.Publisher Alfred A. Knopf said Shreve, who had been battling cancer, died Thursday at her home in New Hampshire. Shreve had announced her illness last year on Facebook, writing that a "medical emergency" would prevent her from touring for what became her last novel, "The Stars Are Fire."Knopf editor Jordan Pavlin said in a statement Friday that Shreve's "writing has touched the lives of millions of readers around the world, and she did some of her most elegant, rich, and unforgettable work in the last years of her life." Fellow writers, from Jodi Picoult to Terry McMillan, also offered tributes. Sue Monk Kidd tweeted that Shreve was "an amazing writer who offered unparalleled generosity to other writers, including me."Shreve's novels sold millions of copies, especially after Oprah Winfrey chose "The Pilot's Wife" for her book club in 1999. Shreve was also a favorite source for Hollywood. "The Pilot's Wife," ''Resistance" and "The Weight of Water" all were adapted into movies. Her literary honors included an O.Henry Prize for the story "Past the Island, Drifting" and being a finalist for England's Orange Prize for "The Weight of Water." Shreve wrote 19 novels in all, and preferred to work in longhand."The creative impulse, the thing that gets deep inside me, goes from the brain to the fingertips," she told The Writer magazine. "When you're writing by hand, even when you're not consciously thinking about it, you're constructing sentences in the best way possible. And I still get the thrill of the clean pad of notepaper and the pencil all sharpened."Born in Dedham, Massachusetts, and a graduate of Tufts University, she began writing fiction while a high school teacher in Reading, Massachusetts, and worked for a time as a journalist in Kenya. As teenager, she had loved Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey Into Night" and aspired to "the romantic angst of a tragic writer." Around the same time, she spent a snowy afternoon reading Edith Wharton's spare and bitter "Ethan Frome" and would cite it as a lasting influence."The universe within Wharton's enduring tale is snowbound and isolated, just as frozen and stark as the world outside my window that day," Shreve wrote in Winfrey's magazine "O'' in 2004. "Never before had I experienced reality and fiction merging so powerfully. I have said often that this book was the beginning of my life as a novelist."She wrote of women haunted or traumatized. In "The Pilot's Wife," a woman contends not just with grief after her husband dies in a plane crash but also suspicions about the tragedy itself. "The Weight of Water" is partially based on the deaths of two women off the New Hampshire coast, the so-called "Smuttynose Murders" of 1873.In "The Stars Are Fire," a devastating blaze upends the world of a Maine housewife. The book was inspired by the so-called "Great Fires" that swept through Maine in 1947."It doesn't interest me to write about women who aren't real," Shreve told The Writer in 2014. "My mother once said, 'The minute I read that a character is beautiful, I flip the book over my shoulder.' It lacks authenticity."Shreve was married twice, mostly recently to John Osborn. She had two daughters.A police officer who fatally shot a black man in Baton Rouge, La., nearly two years ago was fired on Friday, and a fellow officer involved in the episode was suspended for three days. The disciplinary actions were the first serious consequences for the officers after both state and federal officials declined to bring criminal charges against them.Blane Salamoni, the officer who was dismissed, fired six shots at the man, Alton B. Sterling, after responding to a call at a convenience store parking lot on July 5, 2016.After announcing the disciplinary actions, the department released new raw footage of Mr. Sterling’s arrest and his killing moments later. Video taken from a police body camera shows Officer Salamoni repeatedly shouting profanities at Mr. Sterling; slamming him into a car; twice ordering the second officer, Howie Lake II, to use his Taser; and threatening to shoot Mr. Sterling with a gun pointed at his head.“These actions were not minor deviations from policy,” Chief Murphy Paul of the Baton Rouge Police Department said. “And they contributed to the outcome that resulted in the death of another human being.”The decision came after the Louisiana attorney general, Jeff Landry, said on Tuesday that the officers would not be charged with state-level crimes, and after the Justice Department declined last May to seek federal civil rights charges. The shooting is one of numerous high-profile fatal encounters between black men and the police in recent years, and prompted large protests in Baton Rouge and beyond.Chief Paul said that Officer Salamoni had violated the department’s use-of-force rules and that Officer Lake had violated its policies on sustaining “command of temper.”The chief spoke mostly in generalities about why the men were found to have violated the policies. “One officer attempted to use de-escalation and disengagement techniques consistent with policy and procedure and training,” he said. “And one officer did not follow the tactics, training, professionalism and organizational standards.”He also said: “Fear cannot be a driver for an officer’s response to every incident. Unreasonable fear within an officer is dangerous.”The closed-door administrative hearings took place on Thursday. Chief Paul noted that while Officer Lake answered all of the questions put to him at his hearing, Officer Salamoni, on the advice of his lawyer, chose not to answer questions.The chief’s announcement was expected to bring a modicum of relief to activists and Mr. Sterling’s family members, who have grown increasingly frustrated after the state and federal decisions.The decision also came amid tension and protests over another police shooting in Sacramento. Stephon Clark, a 22-year-old unarmed black man, was shot at more than 20 times by the police in his grandmother’s backyard on March 18. A private autopsy commissioned by Mr. Clark’s family and released Friday found that eight bullets had struck him and that his death took three to 10 minutes, raising questions about why he did not receive medical care more quickly.Part of Mr. Sterling’s fatal encounter with the Baton Rouge officers was captured in a widely seen cellphone video, in which the officers can be seen holding down Mr. Sterling. At one point, someone can be heard saying, “He’s got a gun! Gun!”The two officers were responding to a call that a man who fit Mr. Sterling’s description had been brandishing a gun.One newly released video from the vantage of the convenience store shows Mr. Sterling standing by a folding table, where he appears to be doing business with two customers. Officer Lake approaches, and takes Mr. Sterling by the arm.Footage from Mr. Salamoni’s video camera shows him approaching moments later.The three men tussle as the officers try to bend Mr. Sterling over the hood of a car and as Officer Salamoni, using expletives, repeatedly threatens to shoot Mr. Sterling in the head. Officer Lake fires his Taser at Mr. Sterling, twice, and Officer Salamoni tackles him to the ground.Gunshots ring out. As Mr. Sterling lies motionless on the parking lot, Officer Salamoni swears at him and searches his pockets, apparently for a firearm.A state report later noted that Officer Lake had found a .38-caliber handgun in Mr. Sterling’s pocket after the shooting. The report also included the results of a toxicology test, which said Mr. Sterling’s blood had contained alcohol, cocaine, amphetamine, methamphetamine and THC. The amount of methamphetamine, the report said, was associated with “abusers who exhibited violent and irrational behavior.”Michael Adams, a lawyer for the Sterling family, said the videos showed that Mr. Sterling was lucid, and not “deranged” or “out of control.”“He stayed relatively calm throughout this process,” he said. “And that’s a different story or depiction when you read the attorney general’s findings.”Another lawyer for the family, L. Chris Stewart, said that he was pleased to see Mr. Salamoni leave the force.The two officers may now appeal their punishments to a civil service board, which will hold public proceedings and uphold, vacate or modify the punishments. The officers may then appeal that decision to a state district court.Before the chief’s announcement on Friday, Sharon Weston Broome, the mayor of Baton Rouge, had said publicly that she would like to see Officer Salamoni fired and Officer Lake disciplined. Ms. Broome, who was elected in 2016, pledged during her campaign that she would replace the previous police chief, fulfilling that promise late last year with the announcement of Mr. Paul’s appointment.Lawyers for the two officers are almost certain in the appeals process to seize on the mayor’s statements calling for the discipline of the officers, and argue that the punishments were a foregone conclusion, said Henry D.H. Olinde, a Baton Rouge lawyer with significant experience with civil service cases.“The question’s going to be, did the mayor’s declaration in any way influence the decision of the police chief?” he said.In an interview with a local TV station, John S. McLindon, Officer Salamoni’s lawyer, said he would vigorously pursue the appeal as “a matter of principle,” noting that his client did not expect to get his job on the force back.“I think it’s unfair,” Mr. McLindon said. “He had to make some split-second decisions — several split-second decisions.”A lawyer for Mr. Lake could not be reached for comment Friday night.The new police chief, who is black, has a difficult political path to navigate in a racially and economically divided Southern city. He will have to both rally his police force to his side to support a reform agenda and gain the trust of residents who took to the streets in protest after Mr. Sterling’s death.Chief Paul spoke at his news conference of a retaliatory act after the shooting, in which a man shot and killed two Baton Rouge police officers and a deputy sheriff. He spoke of all of the work that officers do that rarely garners international attention, and encouraged residents to file complaints if they felt they were mistreated by police.He also urged them not to resist officers’ orders, and to treat the police with respect.“Please stop resisting. Stop running,” he said. “When the police officer gives you direction, listen.”Among the many treasured institutions Netflix is accused of wanting to destroy, you generally don’t hear the names Nickelodeon and Freeform.But beginning a year ago, with the buzz around “13 Reasons Why,” this streaming service has dominated the conversation when it comes to the teenage and tweenage television categories, whether that refers to shows about, or aimed at, those age groups.The momentum carried into the fall with the second season of the established hit “Stranger Things,” and continued this year with the high-profile additions of “The End of the ____ing World” and “Everything Sucks.”And it’s not slowing down. In the last few weeks, Netflix has added another two substantial shows for audiences in the in-between ages, “On My Block” and “Alexa & Katie.” They won’t generate the same excitement as “13 Reasons Why” or “Stranger Things,” but they have something in common that might be just as significant: They both look a lot like the tween shows on traditional TV. As with other categories Netflix has entered, its strategy is to beat them and to join them — to co-opt audiences in every way possible.The 13-episode “Alexa & Katie” is a straight play for the Nickelodeon or Disney Channel viewer: Its creator, Heather Wordham, worked on “Hannah Montana” for Disney and “The Haunted Hathaways” for Nickelodeon. It’s a high-energy, low-subtlety sitcom whose main characters, Alexa (Paris Berelc) and Katie (Isabel May), are descended from Carly and Sam of the Nickelodeon hit “iCarly.” Alexa’s the brainy brunette, while Katie’s the excitable, gawky blond who supplies the physical comedy.The situation in this situation comedy is that Alexa is being treated for cancer. Teenage comedies and dramas are almost always about overcoming something: bullying and the aftermath of suicide in “13 Reasons,” literal and psychological demons in “Stranger Things,” the ever-popular broken families in “Everything Sucks.”“Alexa & Katie” doesn’t mess around — it opens in a children’s hospital, from which Alexa is desperate to be discharged so she can start her freshman year.Ms. Wordham and the showrunner, Matthew Carlson (“Malcolm in the Middle”), use this premise to give a twist to familiar story lines about wanting to fit in. Alexa wants to be normal, and she lashes out when she feels that she’s being pitied or given special treatment, leading to awkward situations with her overly protective mom (Tiffani Thiessen) and the math nerd she has a crush on (Jack Griffo). Her cancer — whose only visible consequence is hair loss, leading to a season-long focus on baldness and wigs — is like a mean parent, keeping her off the basketball team and forcing her to miss the school dance.As a comedy, “Alexa & Katie” is about average, or a little below, if graded against the cable shows it resembles. But it’s a little more tough-minded than you might expect. The cancer theme leads to sentimentality, of course, but it’s also used to roughen Alexa’s edges: While she complains about being singled out, she also doesn’t mind taking advantage of her invalid status when it suits her.With “On My Block,” the audience age range moves up a few years, and the TV comparisons shift to Freeform and MTV. The 10-episode series was created by Lauren Iungerich, Eddie Gonzalez and Jeremy Haft. Ms. Iungerich created “Awkward,” one of the best teenage comedies of recent years, for MTV.Ms. Iungerich grew up in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., and “Awkward” was set in that largely white and Asian-American environment. With “On My Block,” she’s stayed in Southern California but shifted the demographics, setting the show in a fictional section of Los Angeles called Freeridge, whose residents are predominantly Latino and African-American.The show has drawn praise for promoting diversity, but its most distinctive feature is Ms. Iungerich’s sensibility, the same one she brought to “Awkward”: a kind of deadpan burlesque in which the jokes hit on the downbeat, and the young characters, no matter how bright, seem to exist in a constant state of irritable confusion.“On My Block” is a coming-of-age story built around a love quadrangle — two girls (Sierra Capri and Ronni Hawk) and two boys (Diego Tinoco and Jason Genao) trying to sort out their mutual attractions and jealousies. A fifth friend played by Brett Gray, whose slightly abrasive style calls to mind Kevin Hart or (very distantly) a young Eddie Murphy, provides the pure comic relief in a subplot about an urban buried-treasure legend.“On My Block” has the off-center charm and quirky comic rhythms Ms. Iungerich is known for, but it has a problem that’s tied to its setting. The stumbling block Ms. Iungerich has chosen for her young characters is the gang life: One of the boys is expected to join his older brother’s gang, which threatens to break up “the fam” (the group of friends) as well as the central romance.There’s nothing necessarily wrong with that as a dramatic device (besides overuse), but it’s uncomfortably out of proportion in a half-hour teenage comedy. The shifts from football game high jinks or a character’s apple-bong-toking abuelita to the question of whether to shoot another teenager in the head are disconcerting, to say the least.If neither cancer diagnoses nor street gangs are your idea of a children’s-comedy premise, you might shift your gaze from Netflix to Amazon, where “The Dangerous Book for Boys” has its premiere on Friday. In this fictionalization of the fanciful boy’s-life handbooks written by Conn and Hal Iggulden, the central conflict involves a family whose three young boys are recovering from the death of their gadget-inventing father. Warmhearted and perhaps imaginary adventures ensue, facilitated by the father’s identical twin (played by the always engaging Chris Diamantopoulos). If you like your nostalgia straight up, without “Stranger Things”-style monsters, it might be for you.
